# Notes

## Interview with Brother

Talked to my brother who lives in Australia. 

Some notes from our chat:

- Heavenly birthdays: in the digital space, post on birthday to social media to commemorate someone's death, but still about birthday and not their death... 
- Even tho far away, still feel connected, a stronger connection. I said I understand but he said his feeling is different because he's been away longer than I have, and that's true.
- Partner has religious paraphernalia but not actually religious
- Hasn't thought about altars until I messaged him about it
- Doesn't think about parents death
- Described our altar, photo with incense, with some food for special occassions. Not sure how often for food. 
- Would consider continuing the tradition but also not sure what it really means for him.
- Would like to believe there is more to this world after we die.
- Making a positive impact with tech, and R&D rather than causing problems. Which makes me think, this zone of interest of family altars, I understand I may not design something specifically for the altar, but I also do wonder, do we actually need some sort of soft robot around this topic? Also brings me back to Douglas' point about where's the softness in the project, and to me, the softness is in the spirituality and the connection with the afterlife, but the softness solution could be about handling the mourning, the intense feeling of loss but yet still being connected to your family even though they are not physically present. 

## Coding Care Magazine
A magazine about technology and nature. Read an except of Ways of Being by James Bridle titled "Of Wolves and Goat and Satellites"

Takeaway
- How can we use existing technology to understand nature?
- What does the Internet of Animals look like?
- What is the impact of the technology that we create?